//
// Command.txt
//
// Listing of all available commands, their syntax, and parameters.
//

Exit
    Syntax    : Exit
    Operation : Terminates disassembly session.

Quit
    Syntax    : Quit
    Operation : Terminates disassembly session.

Command
    Syntax    : Command(FilePath);
    Operation : Executes a text file containing commands.
    Parameter : FilePath - Specifies the file which contains the commands to be executed.

Open
    Syntax    : Open(FilePath);
    Operation : Opens a binary file which is to be disassembled.
    Parameter : FilePath - Specifies the path to the binary file.

Link
    Syntax    : Link(FilePath);
    Operation : Loads symbol table from a symbol file.
    Parameter : FilePath - Specifies the path to the symbol file which is to be linked to.

Close
    Syntax    : Close(FilePath);
    Operation : Closes an open binary file.
    Parameter : FilePath - Specifies the path to the binary file.

Register
    Syntax    : Register(NamingConvention);
    Operation : Uses the specified register naming convention.
    Parameter : NamingConvention - Can be any of the following:
                0|Dasm    - Uses default naming convention.
                1|pSX     - Uses pSX emulator register naming convention.
                2|Comman  - Uses common register naming convention.
                3|Numeric - Uses register numbers as the registers name.

Print
    Syntax    : Print(Arg); Print(Arg, ...);
    Operation : Prints the argument list to the console. Arguments are seperated by ',' (comma's).
    Parameter : Arg can be any of the following:
                Integer numbers.
                Single words.
                Quoted text.

Show
    Syntax    : Show(Option);
    Operation : Displays the option to be shown in the disassembly file.
    Parameter : Option can be any of the following:
                Address  - Displays the address column at the start of each line.
                Opcode   - Displays the raw opcode next to the address column.
                Label    - Displays the target of jumps and calls.
                Mnemonic - Displays the disassembled instruction.
                Ascii    - Hides the ascii representation of the opcode.

Hide
    Syntax    : Show(Option);
    Operation : Does not displays the option to be shown in the disassembly file.
    Parameter : Option can be any of the following:
                Address  - Hides the address column at the start of each line.
                Opcode   - Hides the raw opcode next to the address column.
                Label    - Hides the target of jumps and calls.
                Mnemonic - Hides the disassembled instruction.
                Ascii    - Hides the ascii representation of the opcode.

Debug
    Syntax    : Debug(Module);
    Operation : Displays a debug log of the operations performed by the specified internal module.
    Parameter : Module can be any of the following:
                Lexer       - Debugs the symbol table created by the lexical scanner.
                Parser      - Debugs the interpretation carried out by the parser.
                Disassmbler - Debugs the disassembly of the binary file.

Address
    Syntax    : Address(Value);
    Operation : Overrides the address where the executable is loaded into memory.
    Parameter : Value - The address the executable is to be loaded to in memory.

Entry
    Syntax    : Entry(Value);
    Operation : Overrides the entry point for the executable.
    Parameter : Value - The address to be used as the entry point to the executable.

Dasm
    Syntax    : Dasm(FilePath);
    Operation : Disassembles the open binary file to the specified assembler listing.
    Parameter : FilePath - Specifies the path to the assembler listing file.
